.TH man 1 "31 March 2007" "0.2" "Bosat man page"
.SH NAME
Bosat
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Bosat is a Toolkit for system administrators , professional users. 
.SH DESCRIPTION
this is set of tools that allows many tasks to be done in more automated and faster way.
.nf 
 
.nf
clean_radacct_eol : Remove freeradius mysql accounts which are out of credit.
.nf
clean_radacct_inactive : Remove freeradius mysql accounts which are inactive.
.nf
find_sgidsuid : Searchs filesystem for SetGID , SetUID files.
.nf
packup : Backup script.
.nf
pgen : Password generator.
.nf
maildir2mbox : converts maildir directories into mbox files .
.nf
ps_cpu : sort processes by cpu usage.
.nf
ps_mem : sort processes by memory usage.
.nf
ps_nice : sort processes by Nice value.
.nf
ps_size : sort processes by size.
.nf
reniceall : renice over process names.
.nf
reporter : report disk usage , load , memory and disk.
.nf
runner : runs given application for interval.
.nf
space_remove : remove space from file names , replace with _.
.nf
uncomment : uncomment files.
.nf
wait_for : wait for process to finish.
.nf
runner_waitfor_return : run application until given return received. 
.nf
uptimer : check status of tcp server , send something and expect something , and restarts server on stale status.
.nf
local_domain_generator : get list of local domains out of httpd.conf , suitable for mailservers.
.nf
uptimer : using "send expect" mechanism to detect service failure on localhost , on failures restart the daemon.
.nf
swsup : Software suspend on machines that support it.
.nf
replacer : replaces string on gives path.
.nf
replace_argument_with_blank_line : replaces string with blank line , suiteable for removing passwords.
.nf
powersave : saves power , enable hdd laptop mode and etc on platforms that does support this features.
.nf
open_base_dir_added : this script does look for DocumentRoot directive in virtualhosts and add php_admin_value open_basedir retrication
.nf
adsl-reconnect : reconnection pppoe connection on disconections .
.nf
.SH FILES
.P 
.I /usr/share/man/man1/Bosat.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/clean_radacct_eol.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/clean_radacct_inactive.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/find_sgidsuid.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/local_domain_generator.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/maildir2mbox.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/packup.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/powersave.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/ps_cpu.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/ps_mem.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/ps_nice.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/ps_size.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/reporter.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/pgen.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/reniceall.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/replace_argument_with_blank_line.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/replacer.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/runner.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/runner_waitfor_return.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/space_remover.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/swsup.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/uncomment.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/uptimer.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/wait_for.1.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/open_base_dir_added.gz
.nf
.I /usr/share/man/man1/adsl-reconnect.gz
.nf
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bosat (1), 
.BR clean_radacct_eol (1),
.BR clean_radacct_inactive (1),
.BR find_sgidsuid (1),
.BR local_domain_generator (1),
.BR maildir2mbox (1),
.BR packup (1),
.BR powersave (1),
.BR ps_cpu (1),
.BR ps_mem (1),
.BR ps_nice (1),
.BR ps_size (1),
.BR reporter (1),
.BR pgen (1),
.BR reniceall (1),
.BR replace_argument_with_blank_line (1),
.BR replacer (1),
.BR runner (1),
.BR runner_waitfor_return (1),
.BR space_remover (1),
.BR swsup (1),
.BR uncomment (1),
.BR uptimer (1),
.BR wait_for (1),
.BR open_base_dir_added (1)
.BR adsl-reconnect (1)
.SH AUTHOR
.nf
Armin ranjbar <zoup@zoup.org>
.fi
